Update article on the GitHub CLI (#6364)
github/docs: content/github/getting-started-with-github/github-cli.md

---
title: GitHub CLI

> intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} is a command-line tool that brings pull requests, issues, workflows, and other {% data variables.product.product_name %} features to your terminal, so you can do all your work in one place.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} is a command-line tool that brings pull requests, issues, {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}, and other {% data variables.product.product_name %} features to your terminal, so you can do all your work in one place.'
```

> intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} is a command-line tool that brings pull requests, issues, workflows, and other {% data variables.product.product_name %} features to the terminal, without requiring you to switch contexts out of your work'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: '{% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} is a command-line tool that brings pull requests, issues, workflows, and other {% data variables.product.product_name %} features to your terminal, so you can do all your work in one place.'
```

### About {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}

> {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} is an free and open source tool for using {% data variables.product.product_name %} from your computer's command line. When you're working from the command line, you can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to save time and avoid switching context.

Reviewer 2: Some of the users of GitHub CLI are paying customers, so I've suggested removing this word ✨ 
```suggestion
{% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} is an open source tool for using {% data variables.product.product_name %} from your computer's command line. When you're working from the command line, you can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to save time and avoid switching context.
```

Reviewer 2: In general, when updating conceptual content and intros like this, we try to focus on telling users the "why" behind the feature. 

For GitHub CLI, here is the high-level value we'd like to tell users about: GitHub CLI allows you to interact with GitHub features without requiring you to switch contexts out of a command line environment. In other words, GitHub CLI allows you to interact with GitHub functionality and features (from PRs, issues, to GitHub Actions) where you are already doing your work.

Author: Thanks @myarb for the insightful comments. I've changed the intro according to what you said. Does this look appropriate?

Reviewer 3: This is me MarkPhillips who this one MarkPhillips00763@yahoo.com

{% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} is an open source tool for using {% data variables.product.product_name %} from your computer's command line. When you're working from the command line, you can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to save time and avoid switching context.

The {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} includes {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} features such as:

- View, create, clone, and fork repositories
- Create, close, and list issues and pull requests
- Review, diff, and merge pull requests

> - Create, edit, list, view, and delete gists
> - Create, list, view, and delete releases
> - Run, list, view, and list workflows
> - List, view, watch, and rerun workflow runs

Reviewer: I'm reordering these to go from more frequently used to less frequently used features. Also, IMO, "run... workflows" already covers the final bullet point. Let's condense them into one to reduce the cognitive effort required to read the article.

```suggestion
- Run, view, and list workflows
- Create, list, view, and delete releases
- Create, edit, list, view, and delete gists
```
